>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's build out
the rest of the project components.
So we've done the form.
We're capturing the selected object,
binding it to the form using ng-model.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We know
that we can delete a project.
But we haven't set anything up to
create a project or update a project.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
we'll just flesh these out.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And I'm just going
to copy this for the sake of time.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
we wanna create, obviously create.
We're going to send in the entire project,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Like so.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
typically what I will do,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: For these, definitely,
is we'll go ahead and resetProject.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so
this is a fairly straightforward call.
This is just going to be update.
And when it comes in,
getProjects, resetProjects.
So there are some ways that you
can kind of extract this out,
make it a little more sophisticated.
But you could have just a reset
everything or whatever.
But for now, we'll just leave this here.
And when we call saveProject,
what we're going to
do is,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: If there's
a project.id, or rather,
we'll check if project.id
is not null,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Then
we'll call this updateProject,
send that in.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: createProject.
>> Speaker 2: That's the opposite
of what you want, I think.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Did I do that?
So if it's not null, then the id
exists and you wanna update it.
>> Speaker 2: It's checking if
the project.id doesn't exist.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Did I mess that up?
>> Speaker 2: It would evaluate to true.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yes, so if it does
exist, you would wanna call it big so
good call.
Okay, and so
now let's just see what happens.
TEST PROJECT.
TEST, we'll set this to
some arbitrary number.
Let's say you got super lucky and
it was 38%, and they're like you're done,
you don't have to do any more than this.
Then save here, so
notice it went, it refreshed it.
But in order to make sure this is indeed
a real deal, scroll down to the bottom.
You can see here, done deal.
Now one thing I would say is that
typically it's tempting working with
JSON Server or whatever to have
let's make ids be numbers.
That doesn't scale very well.
So even when you're 1, 2, 3, 4,
make them strings for
this reason right here.
Is that their had all numbers then you
got a JSON Server some real data base and
you get these strings back.
So then from here, we can go and
we'll just go hea,
add some different stuff.
Let's set this to we're
going the extra mile, save.
Now, you'll notice here, and this is what
we're gonna talk about in the next module.